README.md, before:

# py_conversations

TKTK

### Contents

| Name                     | Description                                                                       |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `README.md`              | A description and guide for this code repository                                  |
| `setup.py`               | A build script with Python package dependencies for this code repository          |
| `workspace.yaml`         | A file that specifies the location of the user code for Dagit and the Dagster CLI |
| `py_conversations/`       | A Python directory that contains code for your Dagster repository                 |
| `py_conversations_tests/` | A Python directory that contains tests for `py_conversations`                      |

## Getting up and running

1. Create a new Python environment and activate.

**Pyenv**
```bash
export PYTHON_VERSION=X.Y.Z
pyenv install $PYTHON_VERSION
pyenv virtualenv $PYTHON_VERSION py_conversations
pyenv activate py_conversations
```

**Conda**
```bash
export PYTHON_VERSION=X.Y.Z
conda create --name py_conversations python=PYTHON_VERSION
conda activate py_conversations
```

2. Once you have activated your Python environment, install your repository as a Python package. By
using the `--editable` flag, `pip` will install your repository in
["editable mode"](https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/reference/pip_install/?highlight=editable#editable-installs)
so that as you develop, local code changes will automatically apply.

```bash
pip install --editable .
```

## Local Development

1. Set the `DAGSTER_HOME` environment variable. Dagster will store run history in this directory.

```base
mkdir ~/dagster_home
export DAGSTER_HOME=~/dagster_home
```

2. Start the [Dagit process](https://docs.dagster.io/overview/dagit). This will start a Dagit web
server that, by default, is served on http://localhost:3000.

```bash
dagit
```

3. (Optional) If you want to enable Dagster
[Schedules](https://docs.dagster.io/overview/schedules-sensors/schedules) or
[Sensors](https://docs.dagster.io/overview/schedules-sensors/sensors) for your jobs, start the
[Dagster Daemon process](https://docs.dagster.io/overview/daemon#main) **in a different shell or terminal**:

```bash
dagster-daemon run
```

## Local Testing

Tests can be found in `py_conversations_tests` and are run with the following command:

# Py-conversations
A dagster project for gathering "conversations" (news, social posts, etc.) around select topics.

## Components

## Data sources

## Usage & Examples
### Testing
```bash
# To run py_conversations tests
pytest py_conversations_tests
```

Commit message:

start updating readme with existing directories' documentation

README.md, after:

# py_conversations

TKTK

### Contents

| Name                     | Description                                                                       |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `README.md`              | A description and guide for this code repository                                  |
| `setup.py`               | A build script with Python package dependencies for this code repository          |
| `workspace.yaml`         | A file that specifies the location of the user code for Dagit and the Dagster CLI |
| `docs/`                  | A directory that will hold some usage documentation                               |
| `py_conversations_tests/` | A Python directory that contains tests for `py_conversations`                    |
| `py_conversations/`      | A Python directory that contains code for your Dagster repository                 |
| `sandbox/`               | A Python directory that will contain sample code and ad-hoc usage of certain ops  |
| `.dockerignore`          |   |
| `.gitignore`             |   |
| `dagster.yaml`           |  |
| `example-docker-compose.yaml` |   |
| `Dockerfile_app`         |   |
| `Dockerfile_dagster`     |   |
| `settings.py`            |   |
| `workspace.yaml`         |   |


## Getting up and running

1. Create a new Python environment and activate.

**Pyenv**
```bash
export PYTHON_VERSION=X.Y.Z
pyenv install $PYTHON_VERSION
pyenv virtualenv $PYTHON_VERSION py_conversations
pyenv activate py_conversations
```

**Conda**
```bash
export PYTHON_VERSION=X.Y.Z
conda create --name py_conversations python=PYTHON_VERSION
conda activate py_conversations
```

2. Once you have activated your Python environment, install your repository as a Python package. By
using the `--editable` flag, `pip` will install your repository in
["editable mode"](https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/reference/pip_install/?highlight=editable#editable-installs)
so that as you develop, local code changes will automatically apply.

```bash
pip install --editable .
```

## Local Development

1. Set the `DAGSTER_HOME` environment variable. Dagster will store run history in this directory.

```base
mkdir ~/dagster_home
export DAGSTER_HOME=~/dagster_home
```

2. Start the [Dagit process](https://docs.dagster.io/overview/dagit). This will start a Dagit web
server that, by default, is served on http://localhost:3000.

```bash
dagit
```

3. (Optional) If you want to enable Dagster
[Schedules](https://docs.dagster.io/overview/schedules-sensors/schedules) or
[Sensors](https://docs.dagster.io/overview/schedules-sensors/sensors) for your jobs, start the
[Dagster Daemon process](https://docs.dagster.io/overview/daemon#main) **in a different shell or terminal**:

```bash
dagster-daemon run
```

## Local Testing

Tests can be found in `py_conversations_tests` and are run with the following command:

# Py-conversations
A dagster project for gathering "conversations" (news, social posts, etc.) around select topics.

## Components

## Data sources

## Usage & Examples
### Testing
```bash
# To run py_conversations tests
pytest py_conversations_tests
```
